How to write a plugin for OpenGenePool.

let's call this plugin XXXXX

1) you MUST have two files 
  plugin_XXXXX.css
  plugin_XXXXX.js

plugin_XXXXX.js must create a plugin object named XXXXX.  That requires one line.

var XXXXX = new Plugin();



EVENT HANDLING
plugins are passed Token(); objects.  The code for this can be found in editor.js.

in short, the Tokens are distributed to the handletoken() function, which identifies
the "type" string embedded in the token and finds the appropriate function in the Plugin
(if it exists) and passes the Token to that plugin.  Tokens may or may not be packaged
with additional information relevant to the event.  To handle this token, do not override
handletoken(); merely write a handler function that corresponds to the typestring.

eg:

XXXXX.initialize = function() {//do stuff here
}

will respond to a token with typestring "initialize".


XXXXX.redraw = function(token) {//do stuff here
}

will respond to a token with typestring "redraw".  You want to have this function accept
the token because the token contains the "line" member variable which tells you which line
is being redrawn.  Altering the contents of token is discouraged because it may still
be passed to.

List of event tokens and member variables

initialize		instruction on the initial loading of plugins
initialized		information that all plugins have been initialized.  Inter-plugin communication should happen here.
newsequence		a new sequence has been loaded or the sequence has been changed.
resize			the windowing screen has been resized.  check the graphics.metrics object for size values.
redraw			directive to graphics plugins to redraw a line
  line			draw a line
redrawn			all of the lines have been drawn


EVENT BROADCASTING
plugins are encouraged to generate their own event tokens and broadcast them to other plugins.
This can be achieved by cloning the token object

TTTTT = new Token("TYPESTRING");

appending data as necessary, and passing it to the editor broadcast function:

editor.broadcasttoken(TTTTT);

Please do not implement a token with the reserved typestring "handletoken".  This will cause problems.
